one of the most important things that achieve can learn is, uh, to know
your people. That's one of the best piece of advice that Chief can
have. So you always have to, like, change your your tone based on the
person that you're facing. So if you're facing, uh, a really stand
up guy who really knows his things, you can talk straight to him.
You don't have to, like, filter your words. It all you can say, Hey,
you know what? Like we need you to do this, you're not doing it or
we need you to do this. And you've been great at it. You know, you could
just, like, filter out just fine. There are other people who, like
are very you know, you say three things to them and they start crying
in a corner, right? You want them toe slowly change there. They're
mode to beam or strong, but you definitely don't want to scam away.
So, like you also have to like, modify your words. You can't use
stronger words you have tow. Um, slowly build up to the thing that
you want to say. You know what? Hey, you know what we need you up there.
Um, toe paint. Now, if you just said, Hey, you're gonna do this,
go up there and paint, you know, with one person, that would be just
fine. Okay, Sure. No problem, Chief, With this new person, it's
like why they have to do that. I was just up there three days ago, and
I was up there last month. And how come you didn't choose? You know,
joy over there, you know, he's not doing anything, so rather than,
you know, say it the same way and have them be mad at you being up
there possibly angry, you know, causing danger to themselves. You
might have to, like, give them a little bit more explanation about why
it is what Joey is doing. Um, there's a time for that, you know,
explain what joy is doing. Uh, but it would help them understand their
role and their position in the unit with mawr. Explanation. Um, yeah,
there's a wide range of people that you're gonna experience, and
you just have to modify your tone toe account for it.